General notes: Thank you for the copyedited proof and the tracked
changes version. We have prepared a new edited version of our original
LaTeX source that incorporates most of the suggested modifications.

The major changes are:

1. Upgrading to the most recent jfp.cls file.

2. Removing all the Figures in the original and replacing them with
displayed blocks in the running text. This addresses Q6 in the
original proof. Due to the need to do minor updates to the surrounding
text in each case, this was the largest amount of work, and difficult
to express as a list of small changes.

3. Incorporating almost all of the copy-edits identified in the
tracked changes proof, apart from some minor differences in
hyphenation and preferring "associates to" over "associates with". We
have also made sure that the title and all section headings are lower
case, in accordance with JFP style.

4. Some minor fixes throughout to improve grammar and remove
ambiguity.

5. Updates to bibliography to reflect previously unpublished work that
has now been published.

6. Added Acknowledgements and Conflict of Interest sections at the
end.



Specific answers to the questions in the original proof:

Q1: We have checked the names and their order in the edited LaTeX. The
surnames are:

  1. Allais
  2. Atkey
  3. Chapman
  4. McBride
  5. McKinna

Q2: The author affiliations are all correct in the edited LaTeX. Note
that some of the affiliations have changed since the original. We also
have the ORCids for everyone, but were not sure how to integrate that
into the document:

  1. Guillaume Allais: https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4091-657X
  2. Robert Atkey: https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4414-5047
  3. James Chapman: https://orcid.org/0000-0001-9036-8252
  4. Conor McBride: https://orcid.org/0000-0003-1487-0886
  5. James McKinna: https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6745-2560

Q3: Emails have been provided for all authors in the edited LaTeX.

Q4: We have checked all the occurrences of "type safe" and "scope
safe" in the document and changed them to "type-safe" and
"scope-safe".

Q5: We have also removed the footnote "This paper is typeset in
colour." in the edited LaTeX.

Q6: Instead of providing in-text citations for all of the figures, we
have changed the document so that all the figures are now inline in
the main text. The text has been lightly edited to make sure this
makes sense. There is no longer a need for figure reference.s

Q7: We have expanded all the acronyms used in the document.

Q8: The closing parenthesis is correct. Thank you.

Q9: We have altered the sentence to read "intrinsically typed STLC",
which we think reads better.

Q10: We have replaced the citations to unpublished data to published
versions, and updated the text.

Q11: We have provided Acknowledgements in the edited LaTeX.

Q12: There are no Conflicts of Interest, which is now explicitly
stated in the edited LaTeX.

Q13: There are no page numbers for either of these references, because
they are for electronic-only journals. We have added 'e5' as the
sub-issue reference for the JFP reference.

Q14: We have added a URL for 'Atkey (2015)'.

Q15: We have checked all of the references to make sure the names are
correct.

Q16: Eisenberg (2018) has now been published and we have replaced the
old reference with the published one, which is now 'Eisenberg (2020)'.
